Add Contributing section (#281)
github/securitylab: README.md

## CodeQL Resources

> We welcome contributions to this section. For example, if you have written a blog post about a cool CodeQL query and would like to add a link to it here, then please open a pull request. See [Contributing](#Contributing) below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**This section is yours!** Do you want to share a cool CodeQL query with the community? Or some awesome tutorial or video, or some helpful tooling? Your contributions are welcome. Please open a pull request. See [Contributing](#Contributing) below.
```

Reviewer: Attempt to use a more engaging tone, keeping the formal tone for the `Contributing` section.

  * [Vulnerability Hunting: Quest for an Exploit using QL](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=irrYp3wdtsw)
  * [Finding Insecure Deserialization in Java](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XsUcSd75K00)
  * [Finding integer overflows in Libssh2](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=czXicfULOfk)

## Contributing

> We welcome contributions to the [CodeQL_Queries](CodeQL_Queries) sub-directory and to the [CodeQL Resources](#codeql-resources) section of this README. For example, if you found a vulnerability with CodeQL and would like to share the query with the community, then please open a pull request to add it to the [CodeQL_Queries](CodeQL_Queries) sub-directory. Or if you have recorded a video in which you use CodeQL then please open a pull request to add it to the [Videos](#videos) section of this README.

Reviewer: We need to add some rules, even minimal, to drive and enforce consistency:
- Format: Title / URL + short description. The description is optional if the title is self-explanatory, and is 1 line max
- Order: alphabetical (to ease the search)? at the end of the list? at the beginning of the list (kind of chronological)?

* Editor plugins
  * [Visual Studio Code](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=GitHub.vscode-codeql) (Official)
  * [Neovim](https://github.com/pwntester/codeql.nvim)

## Contributing

We welcome contributions to the [CodeQL_Queries](CodeQL_Queries) sub-directory and to the [CodeQL Resources](#codeql-resources) section of this README.

> If you have written a cool CodeQL query that you would like to share with the community, then please open a pull request to add it to the [CodeQL_Queries](CodeQL_Queries) sub-directory. Put your query in its own new sub-directory. For example: `CodeQL_Queries/cpp/mynewsubdir/mycoolquery.ql`. Of course, if you think your query might be eligible for a [bounty](https://securitylab.github.com/bounties), then you should open a pull request to the [codeql](https://github.com/github/codeql) repo instead. We do not offer bounties for queries submitted to this repo. The queries in the [CodeQL_Queries](CodeQL_Queries) sub-directory are usually highly specialized queries that only make sense for a specific codebase. For example, this repo contains queries that specifically target [Chrome](CodeQL_Queries/cpp/Chrome) or [Apache Struts](CodeQL_Queries/java/Apache_Struts_CVE-2018-11776). Such queries are inappropriate for the [codeql](https://github.com/github/codeql) repo, which is for general purpose queries only.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have written a cool CodeQL query that you would like to share with the community, then please open a pull request to add it to the [CodeQL_Queries](CodeQL_Queries) sub-directory. Put your query in its own new sub-directory. For example: `CodeQL_Queries/cpp/mynewsubdir/mycoolquery.ql`. Of course, if you think your query might be eligible for a [bounty](https://securitylab.github.com/bounties), then you should open a pull request to the [codeql](https://github.com/github/codeql) repo instead, as we do not offer bounties for queries submitted to this repo. The queries in this repo are usually highly specialized queries that only make sense for a specific codebase, such as queries that specifically target [Chrome](CodeQL_Queries/cpp/Chrome) or [Apache Struts](CodeQL_Queries/java/Apache_Struts_CVE-2018-11776), or utility queries that help you explore your code without necessarily finding a vulnerability. Such queries are inappropriate for the [codeql](https://github.com/github/codeql) repo, which is for general purpose queries only.
```

Reviewer: Just a suggestion, feel free to ignore. I wanted to squeeze in  the "utility queries", and it was making a very loooong paragraph.

> If you would like to add a link [CodeQL Resources](#codeql-resources) section of this README, then just add another bullet point in the appropriate section. If possible, each bullet point should consist of a hyperlinked title and a short description. Please add new bullet points at the bottom of the list. In the future, we may choose some other ordering such as alphabetical but for now it is just a sequential list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you would like to add a link into the [CodeQL Resources](#codeql-resources) section of this README, to share a nice video or an awesome tooling, then just add another bullet point in the appropriate section. 
* Each bullet point should consist of a hyperlinked title and a short description. The short description is optional if the title is already self-explanatory.
* Please add new bullet points at the bottom of the list. In the future, we may choose some other ordering such as alphabetical but for now it is just a sequential list.
```
